# Client-Server-Development
# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
The first thing I do is to try and make my code as general as possible so that it can be reused for other problems. My CRUD module can easily be adapted to connect to a different server and will allow users to input any possible query that they need. I can now use this Python module anytime I need to connect to and query a MongoDB server.

# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I like to first understand the overall problem and break it down into smaller pieces so I can build the individual pieces necessary. My overall gameplan didnt change for this project. The overall need was a dashboard to view and filter the animal shelter data so I first created the database, imported the required data, and then created a user to connect to it. Next I had to build the dashboard so I looked at what exactly the client wanted and built and tested each feature one piece at a time. I learned a lot of new techniques so this helps me to focus and learn one at a time. 

# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientist find innovative solutions to problems through the use of technology. This innovation can lead to better and faster solutions will have a big impact on different fields. This project involved creating a database and dashboard to help the company find certain types of animals that will be beneficial to their rescue programs. This program provides them with an easy way for filtering through the large amount of data to get precisely what they want. As the database is updated with new animals it will be easy to sort through them to get the ones they need with the current framework.
